-This is an introductory video
to give you a quick tour of the hands-on labs
available in this course.
If you have never used
the code cloud labs before,
please watch this
before attempting the labs.
The hands-on labs will require you
to type in commands in the Linux shell
using a keyboard.
Hence, you will need a laptop
or a desktop to use the labs.
Now let us get introduced to the labs.
Each lab is specially designed
to help you practice
and gain more knowledge on the topics
learned in the previous lecture videos.
Click on the link to open the hands-on lab
and wait for the lab environment to load.
This can take a few minutes.
Once the lab is loaded,
you will be taken to a real Linux command-line
interface.
This environment will provide you with
the experience of working on Bob's laptop.
The lab interface has two sections.
The Linux terminal is on the left-hand side.
This is where you will be
running the commands
and carrying out tasks
based on the questions asked.
The questions can be found in the lab portal
which is on the right-hand side
of the split-screen.
There are two types of questions
that you can expect.
The multiple-choice questions,
where you will have to look up
the answer for a specific question
by typing in commands on the terminal.
Once you know the answer,
click on the appropriate answer button
to move on to the next question.
For example,
in this question, we have to find the path
to Bob's home directory.
Let us find that out by running
the "echo dollar home" command.
This shows that the home directory
is /home/Bob.
Let's select that as our answer.
Once the answer has been validated,
it will take you to the next question.
The second type of question
is the configuration test.
This is where you will be asked
to complete a specific task on the terminal.
For example,
in this case we have
to create a directory called "Birds"
in Bob's home directory.
To do this,
let's type in the command "mkdir/home/Bob/birds"
in the terminal.
Clicking on the Check button
will validate if the task
has been completed correctly.
It looks like we made a mistake.
To see what went wrong,
click on this icon here to get more details.
Our directory name is wrong.
We created the directory called "Bird"
not "Birds."
That's all right, let's correct that.
Now, when we click the Check button,
the task has been validated
and we can move on to the next question.
Finally,
if you are not sure how to attempt to question,
don't worry.
Click on the Hint button
and you will be presented with a hint
that will help you answer the question.
Good luck.